(LOOΠΔ TV is back!)
(LOOΠΔ's founder and first member, HeeJin appeared!)
HeeJin: Hey~
HeeJin: This is...
HeeJin: the photo shooting site for full group of LOOΠΔ!
HeeJin: I'm hiking a mountain~
HeeJin: Actually it's been a while since I did hiking last time...
HeeJin: Anyway, don't you think that my hairstyle is shocking?
HeeJin: You know, I'm...
HeeJin: Uh... I think I look unfamiliar even to myself.
HeeJin: This hairstyle is like...
HeeJin: This hairsytle is way too cute...
(Anyway she is so cute even though she feels awkward about her new hair!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
(HeeJin's individual photo shooting is done!)
HeeJin: Wow, so cool~
(A next member is coming in the car!)
HeeJin: Cool~
HeeJin: I walked and climbed to there on foot~
HeeJin: Who is the member coming here in ther car?
HeeJin: Ah~ the second member~!
HyunJin: Hi~
HyunJin: It's a little spoiler...